SQL

Why SQL?

a Coaching centre so, Imagine. that I'm roming Basically, I nud to maintain data like

Student details Name, email, contad no, Batch, DOJ

Fee details Name, email, Date of payment, amount. due

Attendance details, Name, attendance, Batch, email

So, For storing all these data, I may nud a software, that can help me the data-insert, update, delete

But for that, we do have something like Excel Right? Then Why SQL?

(2) Why not Excel?

1 Not Scalable.

2) Concurrent accussing of data can cause inconsistencies.

3) Security concerns & reliability.

4) Complex problems cannot be solved wat time.

5) Data check, uniqueness.

So, for overcomoming thise issues, we use SQL.

2) What is sot?

→ A Language to communicate with databases Is SQL a programming Language 7. Yes!! SQL is a 'Declarative programming Language

Note: Programming Languages are classified into 2 types

Declarative.

2) Imperative

Declarative: No formal set of steps of Procedures used.

Imperative proper flow of Execution 2 procedwus are followed.

Ex: Conditional statements, Loops.

3) SQL (1) SEQUEL ?

→ Initially it was Structured English Query Language' Language (SQL). Later, it was senamed Structured Qury

→ So it can be called as both SQL / SEQUEL.

DataBase

→Database is a Collection of data:

stored in a structured order

2) Can be searched officiently multiple rivers

3) can be shaud among Concurrently.

In a database, the data is being stored in the form of tables (Rows. columne).

How data is stored ?

1) Data is stored in base pages/ blocks in a dala

(Ex: If I'm storing 1000 Sous are a data of 10,000 lows, 1 page, next 1000 Stored in are stored in another page).

2) Basically, Our db's SSD are Stored in our HDD/

3) Frequently accessed pages are stored in cache memory of RAM

(4) Block: Smallest Individual Unit of data, transferred from SSD to RAM memory.

Types

Relational DB

2) NO SQL DB

Relational DB

→ Here the data will have some kind of relation /related records bin them

→Organised data

Ex: Refer student case.

→ common coxamples are MySQL, Postgres, Oracle

NOSQL

→ Here, the data may / may not be related (Standalone data is stored).

No organized format

Ex: JSON, key-value pairs ( MongoDB), Graphs

Table

- collection of Rows & columns.

Ex

Name

Age

email

Sai

22

Sai @gmail.com

row's (Records)

Varun

23

Varun@gmail. com

columns (fields)

Ensider student example.

) Student details

2) Fees

3) Attendance

Can be stored as 3 different tables in the Same database.

مواعيد

→ Here, all these tables record 'email'. are linked by the common record email.



